## **Meeting Title:** Team Meeting
### **Date:** Wednesday, October 29th, 2025
---
#### 👥 Attendees

- Navya Nittala, Kundana Dongala, Katie Nordberg, Christina Sorensen, Vivian Lara

### 📒 Notes
- Christina: create dialouges for starting scene
- Vi: found music/sound effects, will create logo 
- Katie: working on the room layout mockups and point and click functionality 
- Navya: make title screen in Godot
- Kundana: work on placeholder assets/work on title screen with Navya 
Current storyline idea:
- team uncovers an incoming alien invasion. they find out how to avoid it, but they are taken by a small group of aliens which they didnt see. - the intern is the only one left on the team and they have to figure out how to get the team back.
- there should be dialogs at the end of the level.
- level 1 is get intern into space and to space station
  - intern gets to office, click on remaining team members to find out what happened.
  -  intern goes to lab
  -  goal: get password to the computer
    -  step 1: intern finds the security guard and gets the camera footage --> learn that team was abducted by aliens
    -  step 2: degree/certificate on the wall, click --> specialty in extraterrestrial life
    -  step 3: check the drawers, one is locked so intern has to open it (dialog says "this is locked, I should find the key"
    -  step 4: find the key to the drawer
      - point and click: have to arrange the books in the bookshelves color order, key shows up in inventory --> has confidential files about the alien invasion
    -  Step 5: click on computer, get hint about the password being on the whiteboard
    -  Step 6: Get chair to climb up to shelf. Get uninvisible ink
    -  Step 7: Put uninvisible ink on whiteboard to reveal equation
    -  Step 8: Solve equation
    -  Step 9: Put equation into compter password prompt.

---
## **Meeting Title:** TA Meeting
### **Date:** Thursday, October 23rd, 2025
---
#### 👥 Attendees

- Navya Nittala, Kundana Dongala, Katie Nordberg, Christina Sorensen, Vivian Lara, Kevin Likcani(TA)

### 📒 Notes/ToDo
- [ ] Explain more on diagrams (specifically the map one)
- [X] Fix word count on the requirements document
- Sprint 1 and Sprint 2 artifacts are both due on Sunday.
  - with every sprint release: need the guthub for that past sprint release, update the requirements stack by adding sprint numbers/rearranging.
-  Due Sunday:
  - [ ] Initial Architecture Document (40%, team-based)
  - [X] Updated Agile Reference Stories spreadsheet (10%, team-based)
  - [X] Updated Requirements Stack spreadsheet (25%, team-based)
  - [ ] Sprint 1 and 2 Requirements Artifacts (25%, team-based)
    - look at the stack to see what is assigned to sprint 1 and 2
    - the document will have each of these tasks along with an elaborate description.
- [X] Reorganize github to keep all the artifacts documents seperated by name in a folder
  
---
## **Meeting Title:** Team Meeting
### **Date:** Wednesday, October 22nd, 2025
---
#### 👥 Attendees

- Navya Nittala, Kundana Dongala, Katie Nordberg, Christina Sorensen, Vivian Lara

### 📒 Notes
- Complete Architecture Diagrams
- Complete Architect Document
- Decided game name (Interstellar)
- Consider how the game map should be organized 

---
## **Meeting Title:** TA Meeting
### **Date:** Thursday, October 16th, 2025
---
#### 👥 Attendees

- Navya Nittala, Kundana Dongala, Katie Nordberg, Christina Sorensen, Vivian Lara, Kevin Likcani(TA)

### 📒 Notes/ToDo
- Put everything on the GitHub and submit the link
- If we get a 100% on the Requirements and Reference stack then submit the same one for reach sprint release
- Don't put any 21's on the reference stories
- [X] Add more requirements (currently have 17) since they are graded based on the average of the TA's team
- Reference stories look good
  
---

## **Meeting Title:** Team Meeting
### **Date:** Wednesday, October 15th, 2025
---
#### 👥 Attendees

- Navya Nittala, Kundana Dongala, Katie Nordberg, Christina Sorensen, Vivian Lara

### 📒 Notes
- Completed Requirements Stack and Reference Story documentation
- Will get it checked by Kevin (TA) on Thursday during our weekly meeting
  
---
